[Enhancement] QRadar v2 changed fetched asset properties format (#9284)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/1_1_2.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v2

>   - Simplified the way asset properties are displayed in fetched incident. This may adversely affect existing assets mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Simplified the way asset properties are displayed in fetched incidents. This may adversely affect existing asset mapping.
```

>   - Fixed an issue where the time field occurred in fetched incidents stored timestamp value instead of an ISO format time string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed an issue where the time occurred field for fetched incidents would store a timestamp value instead of an ISO formatted time string.
```
